Mr. Fang, you have already lost
The 5 million of this card
So I took it.
Proud in hindsight
Haven't closed yet
Fangyuan, your sauce-flavored technology
It has been reduced to a dime a share
Your 1 million is 10,000
I haven't counted your pride yet.
I have money waiting
Hey dad give me 10 million and I want more than
Husband, do we still want to buy that soy sauce technology?
Are you stupid?
Now that medicine talisman glass is growing so powerful
Of course you bought the medicine talisman glass?
10 million medicine talisman glass
Please wait a moment.
This medicine talisman glass is growing slowly without money
Yeah, it means the good news in my newspaper
It can only be absorbed like this
Hey, no, it's gone up again.
It has risen to 200 yuan a share
It means that a large amount of money was injected at this time
Just at this time, it's time for the miscellaneous plate.
We can make 4 million
However, this person who injected a large sum of money
Almost miserable
So what do we do now?
Clear the warehouse immediately
What, clear the warehouse immediately?
Hahahaha
Are you really stupid?
Now it's time to officially look for a pair of glasses.
Are you clearing the warehouse now?
We directly bought 10 million key glass
This time you must win